Update doc for new valkey-cli option --hotkeys-count (#265)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/cli.md

**`--hotkeys`**
: Sample keys looking for hot keys.
  Only works when maxmemory-policy is `*lfu`.
  This is equivalent to --hotkeys-count 16.

> **`--hotkeys-count`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`--hotkeys-count`** _n_
```

: Sample keys looking for hot keys.
  only works when maxmemory-policy is `*lfu`.

> 
> **`--hotkeys-count`**
> : Number of Sample keys looking for hot keys.
>   only works when maxmemory-policy is `*lfu`.

Reviewer: Let's use the same text as in `valkey-cli --help`

```suggestion
  This is equivalent to --hotkeys-count 16.

**`--hotkeys-count`** _n_
: Sample keys looking for the *n* most hot keys.
  Only works when maxmemory-policy is `*lfu`.
```

Reviewer: You can just click the button `Sign off and commit suggestion`. I think it is identical.
